Introduce availability page in the docs (#8644)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/availability.md

---
title: Unleash Availability
---

Your Unleash [plan](#plans) and [version](#versioning) determine what features you have access to. Our documentation displays the availability for each feature using the following annotation:

:::note Availability

**Plan**: [Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) | **Version**: `5.7+`

:::

This is an example of a feature that is only available to Enterprise customers who are on version `5.7` or later.

## Plans

- [Open Source](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) - Available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash) under an Apache 2.0 license.
- Pro - This plan is not currently offered.
- [Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) - Available as Pay-as-you-go or as an annual contract.

## Versioning

> Unleash uses [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) with release notes available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/releases). For detailed instructions on upgrades, see [Upgrading Unleash](../using-unleash/deploy/upgrading-unleash).

Author: ```suggestion
Unleash uses [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) with release notes available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/releases). For detailed instructions on upgrading your version, see [Upgrading Unleash](../using-unleash/deploy/upgrading-unleash).
```

> [Unleash Edge](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge) and our [SDKs](/reference/sdks) are versioned and released independently of Unleash. We recommend upgrading your SDKs and Unleash Edge to the latest version to ensure compatibility, optimal performance, and access to the latest features and security updates.

Author: ```suggestion
[Unleash Edge](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge) and our [SDKs](/reference/sdks) are versioned and released independently of Unleash. We recommend upgrading your SDKs and Unleash Edge to the latest versions to ensure compatibility, optimal performance, and access to the latest features and security updates.
```
